what's up everybody to Boyd kart racer
back with another video and I'm
explaining the dedicated server thing
that Kali and act efficient came out
with and said we got dedicated servers
on the Xbox wine we're gonna be the best
they've already got dedicated service pc
games everybody knows this connects is
still crap you still can't you still see
people or you you don't see them but
you're dead all that stuff you can blame
it on black ops 2 excuse me you can
blame it on black ops 2 you can blame on
track even blame it on whoever so I'm
gonna show you how I'll explain to you
how dedicated servers work so my
backgrounds IT I'm in project management
I'm in software development i'm an IT
architecture I know how this stuff works
we do it all the time with bill vm
machines vm servers BM boxes anything
you want we know about so on the screen
here you see a data center this is what
microsoft's servers or cloud servers
this is basically what they're going to
look like something like this okay and
in these little doors massive amounts of
servers masses amount of drives and
what's going to happen is activision is
gonna rent or purchase most likely rent
a bunch of these servers probably you
know i don't know how much was let's
just say one entire row of this and
they're going to say we want dedicated
server so they're going to put call of
duty ghosts on it but if they don't want
to pay full price they're going to say
we only want to rent half the storage on
the server so that means fifty percent
could be ghost fifty percent it could be
anything else so i'm going to show you
right now how dedicated servers are
going to work so right here you're gonna
see this is my connection so I'm pinging
from mississauga which is a little city
outside of Toronto to Toronto so and
this is my download speed so if a
dedicated server from the xbox one or
Microsoft is in Toronto
I have annemasse I have it probably the
one of the best connection I have a
beast connection my pain is only 15
milliseconds my download speed 53.2 to I
my uploads going to be between one and a
half to three I already know this I know
what I paid for this is it this is where
it's going to make a difference alright
so as you see there 53.2 two megabytes
look at that I megabytes per second and
my upload speed 3.12 but the ping is
what matters 15 milliseconds so now
we're going to change this and I'm going
to change it to north eastern part of
the u.s. so I either do how I do this
well well well well I'm in bumfuck
nowhere I have no idea where I am hold
on let me find myself am I in Canada
what's that node that nope that's
definitely not Canada so we're going to
go up here find Ontario there she be so
we're gonna go to the trait Detroit
Detroit Detroit sorry Detroit I don't
know exactly where you are on the map I
am Canadian that wait burial all right
no they're real Detroit ok so now if the
dedicated servers were in Detroit this
is what I would get so 349 milliseconds
in the ping see how it's already gone up
but my download is gonna go crazy fast
now the reason why it's going crazy fast
because i'm connected to a university
universities are crazy crazy speeds and
you're gonna get massive amounts so I'm
bursting at 77 96 I'll never get that
unless the server sitting in a
university my upload speed between two
and a half to 3.1 3.2 is what I should
get and it looks like that's what I'm
getting 33 point 05 that sounds about
right okay so there you go forty nine
milliseconds it's the ping it's already
gone up so now we're going to change it
so now these servers are going to have
to be restarted and everybody knows that
you can't leave these things running 24
57 and if they do updates these boxes
need to be reset
so let's zoom owned it was properly god
forbid i'm playing at three in the
morning and they shut down all the
dedicated servers on the eastern time
zone okay and i get stuck on an LA
server because that's where the closest
server to me is online i'm sure i'm just
using as an example i'm sure i wouldn't
get la but let's see it now the pain has
gone to 93 in milliseconds and my
download speed as you can see is
changing it's no longer the 70 something
crazy amount it's no longer the even the
50 what i was getting in Toronto I'm now
down to 21 megabytes per second and my
upload speed should be the same 223
because the upload speed is controlled
by your isp your connections are
controlled by your internet service
provider now I can't stress this enough
no Matt you pay for internet and you
think I get the best speeds and I get
the best whatever and this is what I'm
going to look 3.1 my upload speed hasn't
changed guy so I'm going to tell you why
it's like this is what happens your isp
okay your internet service provider
controls the traffic going through the
pipe it doesn't matter if it's you know
any website okay so up in Canada we have
you know Rogers Bell and tell us okay so
I'm going to use Rogers as an example if
I go to youtube and I'm dumb streaming
1080p video or if I'm on netflix and I'm
streaming 1080p video or 720p video
whatever it is the connection between me
and you tube or me and Netflix is going
to be you know let's say it should be
100 megabytes per second down but Roger
says no we're not going to let you do
that we have to control it so everyone
gets a fair share of the pipe we're only
going to give you 20 megabytes per
second you're fucked right but
if you're on a rogers owned website
let's say Rogers on demand com I have
unlimited connection you see we are
going around there it doesn't matter if
you have fiber doesn't matter if you
have cable doesn't matter if you have
dsl your internet service provider is
always going to cap you to what they
want and that's the way it works you saw
the proof I went to different nodes
where different dedicated servers could
be in my connection changed dramatically
it doesn't matter if you're a dedicated
server or not if you don't have the
proper connection internet connection at
your house and the Internet service
provider isn't going to fuck you over
those are your connections are going to
be if you want to challenge me or have
anything to say or add to this
conversation let's have a proper
conversation to give anything let me
know down in the description send me a
message on Twitter it's in the
description as well till next time peeps
keep it moist piece